Hello Gas, in today's video I am going to
tell you how you
can become an insurance agent of iclombard company and
in this you
get the option to sell policies of car, bike, health, life insurance
and you get a good commission on all of them. If
you do
n't even know about insurance then you will be taught everything in it.
First you will be given training and
you will be prepared as a complete insurance agent with a business certificate. You
can start with this and you do
n't have to invest anything in it at all, with
absolutely zero investment, you can
earn one lakh or two lakhs on ₹20000. So
we will not say that as others say one lakh or two lakhs, it is
not like that, you can earn one lakh or two lakhs easily on 20 thousand.
In today's video I am going to show you the complete process,
what benefits will you get in it, what
documents do you need, keep
watching this video till the end, it is a
huge opportunity, you should complete this
video. Let's
install the iPartner Pro application from the beginning, you will
get the link for it.  This is the official app of Icon company,
friends, you can earn ₹80000 in it
and you are your own boss in it, there is
no burden of anyone on you and
friends, you get all the resources here,
you are doing this business of
insurance agent, you get posters here,
which you can
share with your clients in your friends circle, there is no
fixed timing, there is no
target that you have to do this much work,
you can do this work from anywhere and at any time,
I would recommend that you do
some other work during the day and do
this work at night, then you
can earn a good amount by doing this, there is no requirement of any physical document,
your entire process will be done online, click on get started,
click on your mobile number, an
OTP will be sent to your mobile number, fill that OTP,
click on verify in proceed pic,
fill in your full name here, which is
available on the PAN card, fill in the email ID
and click on next, friends, first of all
you have to verify your details here  You will have to
complete it, you will have to do the
training here, after that you will have to give an
examination, the same
questions will come in the exam which are
told to you in the training, you
can study everything from here, there is a total training of 15 hours
and if you want you can give it in one day
and if you want you can do it in 15 days,
you can do it as per your own accord as you find
suitable and you
can start by running,
you have to click on verify your details, you have to fill in
your business information, personal details,
all these details here, so let me
tell you, first of all you have to
click on business information here, you have to
select your primary income source, from
where do you earn the most, what is
your income, if you are an
insurance, then you will be asked
whose insurance you used to sell earlier, motor,
health care, life care,
personal loan etc., you used to sell that according to your
account, for example, if we are business owners,
then select business owner and how much do you have
in this income, whatever you are  At least you are
selecting here and you have to
select your profession here,
what type of legal department you belong to,
like respect, if none of these matches, then
you have to look below, if none
matches, then you have to
tick respect, you can see here,
click on end continue,
you have to click on personal details, you have to
put a photo of yourself here, your name and
father's name, gender, date of birth, mobile number will
already be given, email ID will also be given and
you have to come down and fill your complete communication address,
whatever
documents etc. will be sent to you by this company,
they will be sent to you on this address,
that is why you have to fill your address,
fill the pin code and there is nothing to be afraid of, click on
end continue,
you have to click on PAN card verification, you have to fill your PAN card number above
and you have to upload a photo of the PAN card
here, click on submit and
continue, click on address proof,
what document do you
want to give in this, Aadhar  Card according to you,
we will give you Aadhar card, so
select Aadhar card, you have to
upload the front size and back side of Aadhar card
and click on end continue,
click on verification of your education
and minimum verification should be 10th,
you should be 10th pass in this, whenever you can apply in this,
you have to select 10th pass,
upload the mark sheet,
click on submit and continue, in which bank
account do you want to take money and your
name in the bank, brother's name should be there in all your
documents, only then you
can take money for this, fill the account number,
fill the account number again, IFSC
code has to be billed, name of the account holder has to be filled,
end continue friends, your
account will be verified, ₹1 will be sent in it,
like my account
in Bank of India has received ₹1 in it,
you have to tick on the option here,
if such a message comes, the advice will be automatically
verified, select the mood of business which you have,
friends, here
What type of business do you want to do with them?
You can do business with them in two ways, one is
digital, completely digital, in which you do
not have to go anywhere and what is physical
plus digital, what will happen in this, who is a relationship
manager, that is, a person will be given to you, from whom
you
can ask everything and
I will tell you everything about the process, after that you have to
contact them, whenever you
take a claim, if you want to take a claim from a customer, if
their car is stolen, then
you have to contact them
and you will be given training here,
training will be given in this also, just
two options change in this, what
happens in this, you have a benefit in your relationship manager,
I will recommend
you to select this, you have to
select this and you have to
click on end continue, you have to read the termination conditions,
I have clicked the photos of everyone
and you
can also download the termination conditions from here, what
conditions are you being made to follow here,
you have to read everything here  After reading the people taking agriculture, they have to
click on I Agri,
everything gets verified in it,
like these three things remain, these are
verified by the company, PAN
card, address proof and your
educational qualification, after verification of these three things,
it will be completely
verified, the training which you
can start right away, I will tell you
how to complete the training,
you have to click on complete the training,
friends, this is a 15-hour training, it is
mandatory, you have to complete the training
because if you do not have the information
then what will you tell the customer, you have to
click on concept of insurance here, so
as the chapters will be displayed in front of you,
you will have to complete them in minimum 1 month,
as you
can see here, in this first chapter there are
10 pages and
totally everything will be told to you,
like the second page, third page, fourth page
also, read these and you
already have the information, so just tick them
Come, I am telling you a secret
and as
you have seen, you have to complete all the training in the same way, there is a
total training of one month, if you do it
first then I will give you less, it will
start earlier, this is the only training,
like 29 days remaining, there is a total of 15
overs of training, after completion
you will also get a certificate below
and in the upcoming video I will tell you
how you have to complete the training
and how you will sell the insurance,
how you will do affair in the exam, so
see you in the next video, till then
Jai Hind Vande Mataram, if you face any
problem till here then you can
contact me on my private WhatsApp group